Given additional time I would have done the following: 
1. **Investigate why only the search term 'hello' was causing a CORS error even though I added access control to the headers in the request. Most other strings seem to be working but this really needs to be fixed. Currently I append the search term if it is 'hello' and it seems to work but there might be other strings that cause this. Another work around would be to make a http request instead of a https request. However this costs us encryption between the browser and the iTunes API. Both the solutions are hacky so this would be the absolute first thing in our priority list  
2. Create a DisplayResults component for the all the media as well as a Favorite component for the favorites section. Currently both the favorites section and the query results are displayed in the SearchBar component despite its naming
3. Add a lot more CSS so the user would not have to scroll all the way down to see the results. Perhaps a tabular view where they can switch between various media tabs would have looked better  
4. I used axios because the most consistent documentation seemed to pop up when paired with Vue though other http client would have worked fine too 
5. I used localStorage to cache the favorites and save the browser data. This has pretty good browser support but we have to assume that the user is conservative with what they add to their favorites due to memory limits. Given time I would have liked to explore the IndexedDB option
6. Set up some testing for the front-end (https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/unit-testing.html)
7. Added a removeFromFavorites() option. I focused on persistence based off the project requirements but this would be a nice option too
8. The search API assumes the different kinds will be constant. It would be nice to make this both resilient and scalable to various responses 


Thank you for giving me the opportunity to make this! I had a lot of fun implementing something quick in a short amount of time and will continue fine-tuning it :) 

Please find the code repo at: https://github.com/priya-bee/itunes_search